>> Sean Larkin: Before we even
separate our configs out or
we start doing kind of conditional,
I wanna talk about
webpack-dev-server.
>> Sean Larkin: So now that we have
this index.html file, we're actually
kind of getting into browser land.
We could start using dom apis.
But we need kind of a better
experience and then build statically,
spin up a Python server or
a Node server, and then test our app.
That's viable, but
we can do better than that, right?
This is JavaScript.
This is JavaScript, you all.
And so,
>> Sean Larkin: We'll add
the dependency just in case.
And so, those who didn't have a cache,
it'll be cached.
But so, you're gonna npm
install wepback-dev-server,
and then --save dev or capital D.
For yarn users, it's just --dev,
>> Sean Larkin: yarn add.
>> Sean Larkin: So, you might be like,
well, what is webpack-dev-server?
I feel like it's kind of more
exciting to have you just try it, and
then I'll talk about what
happens as you use it.
So, we can just add another
one that's webpack-dev-server.
So add another key, or
another script technically, and
just say webpack-dev-server, and
in the same way, webpack-dev-server.
So, now we should be
able to move that over.
Thank you very much by the way.
>> Sean Larkin: And
let's run it again.
>> Sean Larkin: There we go,
okay.
>> Sean Larkin: So,
>> Sean Larkin: We actually see at
the top.
Let me see, does it say it?
>> Sean Larkin: So it says hey,
project is running in local host 8080.
So we're gonna click on this,
and let's say, I mean, we just
used a bunch of console logs, right?
>> Sean Larkin: Hey,
there's that stuff we were writing, nav
top bottom, My first button, color: cyan.
So, now, we have essentially a dev server
that we can test and validate our changes.
So much so
that it is in watch mode, right?
So, why is that valuable?
I always keep them side by side,
and I know it's not that easy.
Let's see if I can make it somewhat,
we'll make a responsive page.
>> Sean Larkin: And,
>> Sean Larkin: So let's say we're in
watch mode right now, right?
And it's like we're literally
visiting that page because
webpack-dev-server takes the whole
contents of your disk and serves it up.
So it's like you're on
that index.html page.
And you're actually,
let's change some of the code.
So I had some commented out cuz I wanted
to make, now that we're in the web,
we can actually maybe rewrite button.js to
actually use it correctly, like a button.
So everybody can see the dev server?
Okay, so why don't we just make a little
bit more browser interactive code,
so that it feels like
something we can view, right?
So instead of just making a button,
I have some code here,
>> Sean Larkin: That I commented out.
Now so Make Button is gonna
actually create an element using
document.createElement.
I'm gonna set the inner text attribute
to take the label that we created, and
then I'm gonna return that button.
So now actually these types are valid too.
So let's jump
over to our index cuz we probably need
to use it a little differently, right?
We probably can't do this and
console-log it.
We can, but
it's gonna look a little different.
Why don't we actually add this button?
So const button = makeButton("Yay
A Button").
>> Sean Larkin: Cool,
and why don't we say
document.body.appendChild?
Right, that's pretty simple.
>> Sean Larkin: Let me see,
we've got some errors here,
I'm just gonna make
sure.
>> Sean Larkin: Is not
defined,
>> Sean Larkin: That's,
>> Sean Larkin: Are you able to see
the button for yourself?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Sean Larkin: And I know why,
const button =
document.createElement("button").
And look, just before our eyes,
I didn't even do anything.
So what you might not have realized
at first, man, I should really hide,
let's hide this one.
Let's hide this one, let's hide this one.
I don't really wanna preserve the log.
I'm happy with just seeing a new
fresh instance every time,
okay.
>> Sean Larkin: But
as we've been writing the code,
even if there were errors,
it's going to reset and refresh
the browser any time that we make changes.
So this is one of these awesome
opportunities using the dependency graph
is that, let me see if I can make that,
is that easy to read?
Can I make it larger for you?
Let's do that.
This is button.js.
And let me know if you want me to switch
over.
>> Sean Larkin: But
what's super cool is that
this gives you the chance.
You couldn't have a live
development experience.
Of course I'm on a smaller monitor, and
usually I'd have
the resolution a lot tinier.
So it's more manageable.
But even two monitors or
whatever, this is awesome.
You can literally, as you code,
get instant feedback.
And on top of that,
>> Sean Larkin: The way that this is
working, so what webpack-dev-server is,
is you kinda guessed.
It is a web server based on Express.
And all it's doing is webpack, instead of
creating a bundle to your dist folder,
it actually generates a bundle in memory.
And it serves that
information up to Express,
which then does a web socket connection
and says, hey, I just updated.
And then it reloads.